doc: add JWT claim base routing (#2728)
envoyproxy/gateway: site/content/en/latest/user/http-routing.md

A `200` status code should be returned and the body should include `"pod": "bar-canary-backend-*"` indicating the
traffic was routed to the foo backend service.

### JWT Claims Base Routing

> Users would like to route to a specific backend by matching on JWT claims, users can achieve this base on [JWT Authentication](./jwt-authentication.md) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can route to a specific backend by matching on JWT claims.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be achieved, by defining a SecurityPolicy with a jwt configuration that does the following
* Converts jwt claims to headers, which can be used for header based routing
* Sets the recomputeRoute field to `true`. This is required so that the incoming request matches on a fallback/catch all route where the JWT can be authenticated, the claims from the JWT can be converted to headers, and then the route match can be recomputed to match based on the updated headers.

For this feature to workplease make sure
* you have a fallback route rule defined, the backend for this route rule can be invalid.
* The SecurityPolicy is applied to both the fallback route as well as the route with the claim header matches, to avoid spoofing.

```

            header: x-admin
          - claim: name
            header: x-name
        remoteJWKS:
          uri: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/envoyproxy/gateway/main/examples/kubernetes/jwt/jwks.json
---
apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: HTTPRoute
metadata:
  name: jwt-claim-routing
spec:
  parentRefs:
    - name: eg
  rules:
    - backendRefs:
        - kind: Service
          name: foo-svc
          port: 8080
          weight: 1
      matches:
        - headers:
            - name: x-name
              value: John Doe
    - backendRefs:
        - kind: Service
          name: bar-svc
          port: 8080
          weight: 1
      matches:
        - headers:
            - name: x-name
              value: Tom
    # catch all
    - backendRefs:
        - kind: Service
          name: infra-backend-invalid
          port: 8080
          weight: 1
      matches:
        - path:
            type: PathPrefix
            value: /
EOF
```

Get the JWT used for testing request authentication:

```shell
TOKEN=$(curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/envoyproxy/gateway/main/examples/kubernetes/jwt/test.jwt -s) && echo "$TOKEN" | cut -d '.' -f2 - | base64 --decode -
```

> Test HTTP routing to the `foo-svc` backend base on the JWT Token to the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test routing to the `foo-svc` backend by specifying a JWT Token with a claim `name: John Doe`.
```

```shell
curl -sS -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" "http://${GATEWAY_HOST}/"
```

Get another JWT used for testing request authentication:

```shell
TOKEN=$(curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/envoyproxy/gateway/main/examples/kubernetes/jwt/with-different-claim.jwt -s) && echo "$TOKEN" | cut -d '.' -f2 - | base64 --decode -
```

> Test HTTP routing to the `bar-svc` backend base on the JWT Token to the request.

Reviewer: can you enhance these instructions to highlight what the user should expect and why
